Fourth grandpa is fine, hahaha
How can a silly child be called Fourth Grandpa?
We will be a family from now on
Just call grandpa
Hahaha, I heard it clearly.
You are the relative and friend who left home and kept me away
Now Ah Cheng's fiancee again
What a coincidence
It's been so many years
Always out there
I suffered grandpa I didn't suffer
Oh, what a good boy.
Don't worry, the ideal will be private with us in the future.
It will definitely be twice as good for you.
This one.
This is when Grandma Ah Chen and I got married
Among his many dowries
His favorite massage
He said to me
Afterwards, Ah Chen brought his beloved girl back
Let me give him to you in private.
Grandpa, this is too expensive for me. I can't take it.
This is Chen's grandmother
A gift for my granddaughter-in-law
This is one of his blessings
How could you not?
So Chen
You keep it for grandpa first
Look how beautiful
It's like it was customized for grandpa.
Haha, we don't want it.
Hey so be it
So you and Ah Chen stay here
Grandpa asked the chef to cook for you two
I didn't expect my fiancee to be really you.
You won't run away this time, will you?
Mr. Sun, as I said
I didn't start what I had in front of me
It's okay, I can wait.